The Navy is very different than what I expected when I joined. I didn't
really know that much about the military. My father was in the army
and I should have had a better clue than what I did but I never, you
know, I barely visited when he was in the army. He just came home
and then, you know, took care of us. So, I had that same understanding
that most people think about when they hear about them, the military,
that is, that you're going to put on the hat, you're going to
wear these clothes,you're going to, you know, go to foreign countries
and fight wars. So, I did fight wars but I never really visited the
country itself. My war was on a ship itself, on an aircraft owned
by America. So, I didn't ever go to Iraq, I didn't ever go into Iran,
I didn't ever go to Saudi Arabia. I didn't go to those places but
I still fought the war, so that's kind of different than what I was
expecting. I also bought into the mentality that everyday is going to
be like P.T, physical training, good for you, good for me, but you
barely work out. You are supposed to keep in shape. So, if you get
overweight, then, you know, that could be a problem but for the Navy
at least, as long as you meet the standards in the training which happens
every six months, they make sure that you're not overweight,
that you can do some push-ups and some sit-ups, then you're good to
go and some people actually, they kind of skate around the system. So,
people are a lot less fit than what I thought I would be doing. I
thought I'd be like super buff, you know, model style but it's, that's
not really expected of you.